leaders have a really fine line to walk. Um, between keeping separate
from their sailors and their personal lives and making sure they're
safe. Now, if you're in a situation, um, where one of your sailors has
access to guns has have has access to violent things, Then you want
to make sure that they don't leave your work area. Uh, with those
intentions with those thoughts without speaking to an expert first,
um, the chaplain is a really great person to talk to. Other supervisors
are as well, if you're still scared that they might go home, um,
and still might cause themselves violence. Um, in this case, I would
just bring it up. I would, I would. I just wouldn't keep it to myself.
I bring it up toe the command master chief, or even the commanding
officer. If if I felt it was necessary